Mom
This is a week's dose
Make sure to put the medicine in
and watch her drink it all
Even though she's almost done for
and agreed to transfer the shares to me
We still can't let our guard down
Just in case
Alright, my son
What's that smell?
I've been on a diet lately
getting fit
Wasting my son's money
Drink your medicine
In the daily supplements you take
we've mixed in the hormones we prepared for you
Those drugs won't just make you gain weight
they could even cause sudden death
This medicine is so bitter
Mom,
can you get me some candy?
You're always so picky
Wait here
Luckily, I was prepared
Drink it quickly,
it'll get cold soon
Drink it
Drink up and die quickly
Everything that belongs to the Jian family
will soon belong to my son
Alright then,
I'm off
to go dance at the square
This medicine
still needs to be taken to the hospital for testing
Jian Dao